The price of crude oil dropped more than two percent in New York trading Wednesday , falling to the lowest level in about a month . The price of a barrel of crude oil for future delivery was off nearly $ 2 and went as low as $ 73.83. The decline came as a government report said the total supply of crude oil and refined fuels in the United States was more than 1.1 billion barrels , the highest level in at least two decades . An abundant supply of petroleum products generally pushes prices downward . El Salvador achieved independence from Spain in 1821 and from the Central American Federation in 1839 . A 12-year civil war , which cost about 75,000 lives , was brought to a close in 1992 when the government and leftist rebels signed a treaty that provided for military and political reforms . Brazilian police they have broken up a smuggling network , involving foreign diplomats from at least five embassies . Police the foreign envoys used their diplomatic privileges help smuggle items into the country tax free . The luxury products such as whiskey and perfumes were sold to the upper class in the capital of Brasilia . Federal police said Friday that embassies from three African and two Middle Eastern countries were allegedly part of the ring . Here are prices of some key commodities traded in New York : Crude oil for June delivery rose $ .70 Thursday , closing at $ 50.83 cents a barrel . Coffee for May delivery fell a bit more than two cents to close at $ 1.224 per pound . Cocoa for May delivery fell $ 16 to close at $ 1452 per ton . Copper for May delivery settled at $ 1.459 per pound , unchanged from yesterday . An Australian man has been jailed for more than five years for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global Internet scam . Nick Marinellis pleaded guilty Mondayinthe New South Wales District Court to 10 counts of fraud for taking part in a hoax called the Nigerian Scam . The deception promises people millions from Nigerian bank accounts in return for an " administration fee . " Prosecutors say Marinellis fleeced his victims of $ 3.8 million . Turkish authorities say 20 people have been wounded in a bomb blast at a resort in western Turkey . The explosion occurred Sunday in the Aegean coastal town Cesme , a popular tourist destination near the port city of Izmir . There has been no claim of responsibility for the blast . The regional governor said two foreigners were among the injured , but did not identify their nationalities . In April , a bomb attack in the nearby resort town Ksusadasi left a police officer dead . A Kurdish separatist group claimed responsibility for that blast . Tony Blair Russian officials say British Prime Minister Tony Blair will not attend the upcoming World War II commemorations in Moscow . The Kremlin Friday said Mr. Blair expressed regret that intensive work on forming a new Cabinet would prevent him from attending the ceremonies Monday . Mr. Blair 's Labor Party on Thursday won a third straight general election victory . The Kremlin says Mr. Blair announced the decision in a phone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin . Dozens of world leaders , including President Bush , are to attend the events in Moscow . Authorities in Turkey have released five people who had been detained since Saturday on suspicion of planning to attack Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . The Anatolia news agency said police rounded them up in the southern city of Adana , shortly before the prime minister visited the city for an election campaign rally . Judicial officials did not say why the five were released , and provided no details about the alleged plot . An Israeli airstrike has killed five Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip . Israeli military officials said on Saturday the five were preparing to launch a rocket attack against southern Israeli communities when they were hit . No other information was available on the militants ' identities . The militant Palestinian group Hamas controls the Gaza Strip where Israel has routinely targeted rocket launchers . China 's first private airline is expected to take to the skies this year . The official Xinhua news agency says Sunday Okay Airways is undergoing a final official review , and should be cleared to begin operations after Nov. 20 . Xinhua said the Beijing-based airline plans to lease six U.S.-made Boeing 737 aircraft for domestic cargo and passenger charter flights . Two other private airlines , United Eagle Airlines and Air Spring , reportedly hope to begin flying next year , once a review of their applications is completed by the Civil Aviation Administration of China . America has more than 1,000 art museums , 35 aviation museums , and even a museum dedicated to rock ' n roll music . Now a new kind of museum is opening its doors in downtown Manhattan . Its location near the former World Trade Center site is part of an effort to revitalize the neighborhood left economically depressed after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on the U.S. VOA 's Nathan King reports . Leatherback turtles fascinate ocean researchers . The largest of sea turtles roams the world 's oceans , nesting and feeding in coastal regions . Scientists say leatherbacks have been doing so for at least 65 million years . But little else is known to researchers about this species , other than their numbers are dwindling . Recently , U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientists strapped a transmitter on one and were amazed by what they found . Paul Sisco has more . El Salvador is preparing to send another contingent of 380 soldiers to Iraq . Salvadoran President Antonio Saca said the troops will be participating in humanitarian activities such as building water systems and other infrastructure projects . The French news agency , AFP , reports the latest troops will relieve an earlier contingent stationed about 100 kilometers south of Baghdad . El Salvador is the only Latin American country which still has troops in Iraq . The United States has confirmed that two U.S. officials met with North Korean diplomats in New York last week . A spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Tokyo Thursday said the working-level meeting was used to convey U.S. policy , not to negotiate . He did not elaborate on what the two sides discussed . But Washington has been urging North Korea to return to six party talks on its nuclear program . The talks have been stalled since last September , and North Korea has boycotted efforts to arrange a new meeting . Officials in Burma say a new outbreak of bird flu has been detected among chickens in an eastern district near the Chinese border . The state-run New Light of Myanmar newspaper said Saturday that the outbreak was found at a farm in Kentung township in eastern Shan state on November 18, after a farmer reported an unusual number of deaths in his chickens . Officials culled an unknown number of birds at the farm . A statement from the Myanmar Livestock and Veterinary Department urged people to prevent the entry of poultry and birds from neighboring countries into Burma . Reports from Afghanistan say at least three policemen died in bomb attacks Saturday . Officials say a roadside bomb in southern Ghazni province killed at least two officers , destroyed a police vehicle , and wounded several other people . A similar explosion took place in western Farah province , where one policeman died and at least one other was wounded . No one has claimed responsibility for either attack , but Afghan officials blame Taliban forces . These were the latest in a series of attacks on Afghan police , who are sometimes seen as less well-trained than other security forces . The U.S. economy added 112,000 new jobs in November , which is about half what experts had expected . Friday 's closely watched report from the U.S. Labor Department also said the unemployment rate dropped slightly to 5.4 percent . Analysts said high oil prices and disappointing holiday sales have made companies reluctant to take on new workers . Economists say it takes the creation of between 100,000 and 150,000 new jobs each month to employ new entrants into the U.S. workforce every month . A leftist Colombian guerrilla leader has been killed in a clash with military troops in the South American country . Officials say Humberto Valbuena , a unit commander for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , Wall Street enjoyed an upswing Thursday , despite mixed economic news concerning consumer spending and jobless claims . The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained nearly 190 points to close at 13010 . The surge in the stock markets comes as investors await a key report . VOA 's Robert Raffaele has more . Police in Sri Lanka say 300 prisoners took advantage of Sunday 's massive earthquake to make their escape from a high-security jail . Authorities say the inmates fled after a tidal wave caused by the quake destroyed their prison , a 16th century Dutch-built fort in a southern coastal town Matara . Reuters news agency reports a similar prison break in Indonesia 's Aceh province . Police there say 200 prisoners fled after a tsunami destroyed the walls of the facility . One of Russia 's most popular fashion designers has opened her first clothing store in the U.S. Teenager Kira Plastinina 's designs are already a hit in her homeland and now she is hoping to find success in America 's fashion capital New York City . VOA 's Elena Mikhailova introduces us to the young lady who is creating a stir in the fashion industry . Singapore was founded as a British trading colony in 1819 . It joined the Malaysian Federation in 1963 but separated two years later and became independent . Singapore subsequently became one of the world 's most prosperous countries with strong international trading links ( its port is one of the world 's busiest in terms of tonnage handled ) and with per capita GDP equal to that of the leading nations of Western Europe . The U.S.-led coalition said in a statement Tuesday that its forces killed 43 militants in southern Afghanistan . The Afghan and U.S.-led troops battled the militants Sunday in Qalat district of Zabul province . The statement said a joint patrol was ambushed with sniper fire , machine guns and heavy weapons from militants in multiple locations . The coalition said its forces fired back with small arms and rocket propelled grenades . They also called in air support . The statement said no Afghan or U.S.-led troops were killed or wounded in the attack . Last month , a United Nations conference in Rome discussed the world 's rising food prices . The group called for trade barriers to be reduced and food export bans to be lifted . The cost of major food commodities has doubled over the past two years with rice , corn and wheat at record highs . The Philippines and Haiti , among other countries , have been hard-hit . Some Filipino and Haitian immigrants in the United States are sending food to their families back home . VOA 's Deborah Block has the story . Egyptian authorities say a construction company bus driver is in custody after he opened fire on a busload of workers , killing six and wounding others , near Cairo . Egyptian construction firm Arab Contractors says Mahmoud Sweilam , a 20-year veteran of the company , surrendered after the deadly rampage early Tuesday . Authorities say Sweilam was driving more than 20 company employees to their work site when he suddenly stopped the bus and began shooting at them with an automatic rifle . Police are still investigating a motive for the attack . Iranian news media report that armed bandits have taken 30 people hostage in the southeast of the country . The reports say the bandits blocked a road and opened fire on vehicles before abducting the victims Sunday . The incident took place in Sistan-Baluchestan . Few other details were immediately available . Scientists at the National Geographic Society 's headquarters in Washington have revealed early details of an extraordinary archaeological find . Two graveyards discovered in Northern Niger are providing important insight into life in the African Sahara when it was green and lush . Paul Sisco reports . Authorities in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul say two Christian churches have been the target of nearly simultaneous bomb attacks . Witnesses say gunmen stormed the Armenian and Chaldean churches Tuesday , planting explosives that detonated , setting the buildings on fire . No casualties have been confirmed . Iraq 's minority Christian community has been the target of attacks before , most recently last month when three people were killed in a bomb attack on a Baghdad church . Meanwhile , the U.S. military says an American soldier was killed Tuesday while on patrol in Baghdad . Organizers of the vote by Iraqi expatriates say some two-thirds of eligable Iraqis living abroad have participated in the historic election so far . The International Organization for Migration said Sunday more than 186,000 Iraqis voted Friday and Saturday in the Middle East , North America , Australia and Western Europe . The three-day process runs until the end of Sunday across 36 cities in 14 nations , including Australia , Britain , Canada , Denmark , France , Germany , Iran , Jordan , the Netherlands , Sweden , Syria , Turkey , United Arab Emirates and the United States . Russian police confirm that a shrapnel-packed bomb exploded Sunday in a McDonald 's restaurant in St. Petersburg , injuring six people . The blast shattered windows and caused the ceiling to collapse . None of the injuries was serious . Investigators say the bomb was left under a table at the fast food restaurant along Nevsky Prospekt , St. Petersburg 's main street . Authorities have not said if the attack was terrorist-related . A car bombing of a Moscow McDonald 's by Muslim extremists in 2002 killed one person and wounded seven . Two British lawmakers have called for an inquiry into claims that a British- based security firm operating in Iraq withheld intelligence from British troops . The Guardian newspaper says the lawmakers want the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to investigate whether the firm ArmorGroup directed an employee to withhold information from British forces . The probe demand follows a Guardian report that a former British policeman working in 2004 and 2005 for the security firm in southern Iraq was told not to share intelligence gained during visits to local Iraqi police stations . The report says ArmorGroup has " vigorously " denied the claims . U.S. officials in Beijing have announced that Chinese President Hu Jintao plans to visit the United States in April . Details of his trip have not been released . The news comes as U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick is in Beijing for talks with top Chinese officials on bilateral relations , security and proliferation issues . Zoellick met with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao Tuesday , and is expected to meet with Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing . As part of his three-day trip , Zoellick will also travel to the southwestern city of Chengdu . Witnesses in Somalia say heavy fighting between Islamist insurgents and Ethiopian troops has killed at least five people in the capital . The latest fighting began after Islamic rebels attacked an Ethiopian military base in Mogadishu . Witnesses say several civilians were killed by stray bullets and mortar fire . Ethiopian troops entered Somalia two years ago to help the interim government fight an Islamist movement that was threatening to take over the country . Somalia has been continuously torn by conflict since the fall of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre in 1991 . United Nations peacekeeping troops in Haiti have surrounded the residence of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide , threatening to forcefully evict demobilized soldiers who have seized the compound . Haiti 's interim government has ordered the rebels out of the compound in the suburb of Tabarre . The government said Thursday U.N. troops will do whatever is necessary to clear the residence . The ex-soldiers - who helped lead the three-week rebellion that ousted Mr. Aristide in February - moved into the compound on Wednesday . Mr. Aristide is in exile in South Africa . India has suspended railway service to and from Pakistan in the wake of the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Officials in New Delhi did not say when the service would be restored . Authorities are concerned that violence by angry Bhutto supporters in Pakistan will spill across the border into India . Militants have targeted trains in the past , including the fatal firebombing of a Pakistan-bound train in India earlier this year . Sixty-eight people were killed in that February attack . A group of leading Muslim scholars has sent holiday greetings to Christians worldwide . In wishing a joyful and peaceful Christmas , the group also gave thanks for what it calls the " beautiful and gracious " response to its call for more openness between the faiths . The group said it hopes the coming year will be one of forgiveness and where the dignity of human life is upheld . Pope Benedict last month accepted an invitation by the 138 Muslim scholars to meet and talk about more cooperation between Muslims and Christians . Lucayan Indians inhabited the islands when Christopher COLUMBUS first set foot in the New World on San Salvador in 1492 . British settlement of the islands began in 1647 ; the islands became a colony in 1783 . Since attaining independence from the UK in 1973 , The Bahamas has prospered through tourism and international banking and investment management . Because of its geography , the country is a major transshipment point for illegal drugs , particularly shipments to the US and Europe , and its territory is used for smuggling illegal migrants into the US . Usher is off the market . The multi-platinum R & B star is officially engaged to his longtime girlfriend , stylist Tameka Foster . Usher 's publicist Simone Smalls made the announcement March 30 , but provided no further details . Usher had previously announced the engagement to MTV News . The 28-year-old singer said he may be getting married by year 's end . A five- time Grammy Award winner , Usher has sold more than 35 million albums worldwide . Chadian Prime Minister Pascal Yoadimadji has died in Paris at the age of 56 . Chad 's ambassador to France says Mr. Yoadimnadji died Friday from a brain hemorrhage . The prime minister was flown to Paris earlier this week after suffering a heart attack . Mr. Yoadimnadji was named prime minister in 2005 by Chadian President Idriss Deby . He had previously served in the government as agricultural minister , president of the national electoral commission and president of the constitutional council . At least seven Indian police officers were killed Sunday when their vehicle struck a landmine in the eastern region of the country . Officials say they suspect the bombs were planted by Maoist rebels . The attack was in Orissa state , nearly 550 kilometers south of the state capital Bhubaneshwar . Indian officials say the long-running Maoist insurgency , which has spread to 20 of the country 's 28 states , is India 's most serious domestic security issue . The rebels , also called Naxalites , are demanding land and jobs for the poor . Colombian police say suspected leftist rebels have executed at least seven farm workers involved in coca harvesting in the southwest of the country . Authorities say the attack was carried out Wednesday in the province of Narino by gunmen from Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC . They say the rebel group killed the farm workers as part of its battle for ownership of lucrative coca fields used in the production of cocaine . FARC militants have been fighting a long-running conflict with far-right paramilitaries in the region , with each side trying to control drug smuggling routes to Central America . The price of crude oil hit a new record high above $ 122 a barrel in Tuesday 's New York trading . Prices rose more than $ 2 to go as high as $ 122.73 a barrel . Prices have soared on concerns that supplies might not meet growing demand after recent militant attacks on Nigeria 's oil facilities hampered exports from the world 's eighth largest oil exporter . Tensions in Iraq and between Western nations and Iran reinforced supply worries . The price of oil has nearly doubled over the past year . Brazil and Argentina have announced they will build a pharmaceutical plant to produce AIDS drugs and other medications . Argentine officials made the announcement Wednesday in the Argentine capital , Buenos Aires , after a meeting there between the two countries ' health ministers . The $ 10-million drug plant is expected to be located on Argentine territory , but both nations will contribute to the project . The announcement came as Argentine President Nestor Kirchner met with his Brazilian counterpart , Luis Inacio Lula da Silva , in Brasilia . A new industry claims to let you peer into your medical future and see what diseases you are likely to get . The industry is at-home genetic testing . VOA 's Carol Pearson has more . A California man has filed a lawsuit against Sean " Diddy " Combs , claiming the rap mogul punched and pushed him and his girlfriend in a Hollywood nightclub . Gerard Rechnitzer claims he and his girlfriend encountered Combs in Hollywood 's Roosevelt Hotel on February 25 . The lawsuit states Combs was speaking to Rechnitzer 's girlfriend . As Rechnitzer approached , Combs yelled at him and pushed him into a parked car . The March 2 lawsuit asks for unspecified damages . An attorney for Combs called the suit " completely baseless . " The Beijing skyline has undergone massive transformation in preparation for the Olympics . The people who were evicted from their homes to make way for some of the new development are not happy , though , and were among the first to publicly protest this week , even before the games began . Stephanie Ho reports from Beijing . A public opinion poll released in Paksitan on June 20th shows that 58 percent of Pakistanis support talks with the tribal militants , and that anti-U.S. sentiments remain negative . The pollsters found more than half of the respondents blame the U.S. for the violence occurring in Pakistan while few hold al-Qaida responsible , but that the U.S. has an opportunity to turn public opinion in its favor . The survey was conducted in Pakistan by two Washington-based not profit organizations : Terror Free Tomorrow and a think tank , the New America Foundation . VOA 's Ravi Khanna has more . The U.S. government has chartered three of Carnival Cruise lines ships for the next six months to provide temporary housing for victims of Hurricane Katrina . Carnival officials say the ships will be able to provide shelter for as many as 7,000 people displaced by Katrina . Two of the cruise liners will be based in Galveston , Texas and the other will likely be docked in Mobile , Alabama . A French investment banker , who invested with disgraced financier Bernard Madoff , took his own life in New York this week . VOA 's Barry Wood reports that the alleged 50 billion dollar Madoff fraud is only the latest in a string of pyramid schemes that have robbed millions of people of their savings . The schemes pay old investors with the funds of new contributors . They collapse when investors rush to get their money out , as happened in the latest New York scandal . A congressman from South Carolina has urged his colleagues and President Bush to provide better equipment to troops in Iraq . Representative Jim Clyburn said in the Democratic party 's weekly radio address that U.S. soldiers should never lack proper equipment nor accurate intelligence . Mr. Clyburn also said he opposed attempts to invest Social Security on the stock market , calling proposed plans a gamble that could jeopardize benefits for children . He also called for expanding health insurance coverage and making college education more affordable . Kenyan authorities report that more than 1,000 teachers have been fired during the past two years for sexually abusing girls . Education officials said the teachers have been dismissed for impregnating students and committing other sexual offenses . More of the cases have occurred in public schools . In addition to being fired from their jobs , some of the teachers have faced criminal proceedings in courts . Officials said more than 500 teachers have been fired so far this year for committing sexual abuses , and that 600 were dismissed last year . Chinese officials say a gas explosion that tore through a mine shaft in northern China has killed at least 16 miners and left at least seven others missing . The official Xinhua news agency says 83 miners were in the mine at the time of Wednesday 's explosion in Shanxi province , but 54 escaped . Shanxi province is one of China 's biggest coal-producing regions , and mining accidents are common . China has the most dangerous mining industry in the world . At least 6,000 Chinese mine workers died on the job last year . The Afghan government and the United Nations refugee agency have pledged to strengthen efforts to resettle returnees and people inside the country displaced by violence . The pledge came after a high-profile visit to the country this week by the head of U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Antonio Guterres . As VOA 's Ravi Khanna reports , the U.N. official wants the international community to do more to resettle Afghan refugees . Every year since 1995 , the United States Botanic Garden in Washington , DC , has partnered with the Smithsonian Institution to stage a massive floral exhibit of orchids . VOA 's George Dwyer reports it offers visitors a colorful splash of floral brilliance as spring approached in the nation 's capital . Jim Bertel narrates . All 20 people aboard a Sudanese military plane were killed when it crashed on landing in southern Sudan on Saturday . Officials with Sudan 's military say the plane blew a tire when it touched down , causing it to swerve off the runway and explode . The accident happened Saturday morning in the town of Aweil , 800 kilometers southwest of Khartoum . There were seven crew members and 13 passengers on the plane . A lengthy struggle between France and Great Britain for the islands ended in 1814 , when they were ceded to the latter . Independence came in 1976 . Socialist rule was brought to a close with a new constitution and free elections in 1993 . President France-Albert RENE , who had served since 1977 , was re-elected in 2001 , but stepped down in 2004 . Vice President James MICHEL took over the presidency and in July 2006 was elected to a new five-year term . Dozens of commercial truck drivers honked their horns as they circled the U.S. Capitol Thursday to protest the rising cost of diesel fuel . The drivers looped around the National Mall in Washington D.C. to draw attention to an issue they say is hurting their livelihood . The average U.S. price of diesel fuel is $ 1.06 per liter . That is up from 76 cents per liter a year ago . Meanwhile , the average price of unleaded gasoline in the United States is 88 cents per liter . That is up from 73 cents per liter this time last year . Mauritania has asked for international aid to help thousands of homeless people after heavy rains caused mudslides in the eastern part of the country . The country 's finance minister , Abderahmane Ould Hamma Vezzaz , said Sunday about 10,000 people in and around the town of Tintane were left homeless after heavy rains that started last week . Those rains caused mudslides that wiped out homes and businesses in much of the town in southeastern Mauritania , near the border with Mali . At least two people were reported killed in the mudslides and an unknown number of others are missing . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says she thinks the insurgents in Iraq are " losing steam " ( energy ) as a political force . In an interview with Time magazine published Sunday , Ms. Rice said she believes the insurgents have become more and more isolated from Iraq 's people as the country 's political process moves forward . Ms. Rice also argued that the media focus too much on violence in Iraq and not enough on what she called Iraq 's " rather quiet political progress . " Today , April 22 is Earth Day , a global event that began in 1970 and is credited by some with giving birth to the modern environmental movement . Earth Day grew from an annual event in the United States to a global event in about 180 countries . It 's a day of celebration in some places , but has also turned into a day of action and reflection and conversation and sometimes protest about the situation with our environment , particularly climate change . VOA 's Paul Sisco has more . President Bush has met with Jordan 's King Abdullah at the White House Wednesday . The president said he and the Jordanian monarch had two good meetings over the past two days , discussing Iraq , Iran and the Palestinian territories . King Abdullah called the discussions " fruitful , " and said he appreciates Mr. Bush 's desire to promote peace and stability in the Middle East . The two leaders both rejected the violence triggered by cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad , and at the same time called for all religions to be respected . Authorities in Haiti say gunmen shot and killed two police officers and a civilian Monday in an apparent ambush in Port-au-Prince . Police say gunman attacked the car the officers and civilian were driving in . The shooting follows several weeks of attacks that officials say are aimed at destabilizing the country ahead of elections scheduled for later this year . The United Nations mission and Haitian police have struggled to restore order to Haiti for more than a year , after an armed uprising ousted President Jean- Bertrand Aristide . Pakistan police say a roadside bomb attack on a prison van has wounded at least 10 policemen in the restive northwest . Officials say Saturday 's explosion was near a jail in the town of Timergarah in Lower Dir district . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack . Elsewhere in Pakistan , at least six people have been wounded by an explosion in southwestern Pakistan . Police say the blast went off in a bakery Saturday in Sibbi in the province of Baluchistan . Israeli-Arab lawmaker Azmi Bishara has announced his resignation from the Knesset after leaving the country amid a police investigation . Bishara says he tendered has resignation Sunday at the Israel Embassy in Egypt . An embassy spokesman confirmed the move , saying Bishara had handed his resignation to Ambassador Shalom Cohen at a meeting Sunday morning . Police announced last week that Bishara is being investigated , but have refused to give details . Bishara has been an outspoken critic of the state of Israel and its Palestinian policies . He has said he will stay abroad for a time . There may be an economic slowdown in the United States now , but some areas of the country continue to boom . One such place is the capital of the western state of Texas , Austin , which remains popular with high tech companies as well as artists , musicians and filmmakers . But , as VOA 's Greg Flakus reports from Austin , some longtime residents are worried that the rapid growth threatens a quality of life they call " weird . " Uganda has dropped criminal charges against a U.S. evangelist and has instead ordered his deportation . Peter Waldron was arrested in February after police found assault weapons and ammunition in his home . He was charged with weapons possession under the country 's terrorism law . Waldron has denied being a terrorist . Prosecutors have not disclosed the reason for dropping the case . Iranian television is reporting that there has been a large explosion near the southwestern port city of Daylam in Bushehr province . It was not immediately clear what caused the blast , but residents reported seeing an aircraft overhead . State television says the explosion may have been caused by a fuel tank dropping from an Iranian airplane . Iran and Russia are building a nuclear reactor in Bushehr , about 150 kilometers south of where Wednesday 's explosion occurred . The islands have the potential for oil and gas development . Waters around the islands support commercial fishing , but the islands themselves are not populated on a permanent basis . Doctors in the United States are testing a possible breakthrough treatment for brain cancer . Scorpion venom has been administered to dozens of patients at four hospitals after researchers found that the agent selectively attached to tumor cells while sparing normal cells . Steve Mort reports for VOA on one clinical trial-taking place at a Florida hospital . China says a wild goose found in northwestern Qinghai province has tested positive for the H5N1 strain of bird flu . The Agriculture Ministry announced Monday that tests on Saturday confirmed the goose died of avian influenza . Officials say Qinghai agricultural authorities have sterilized the area where the dead bird was found . The bird flu virus killed more than one thousand geese in Qinghai province last year . The region is located along a major Asian migratory route for birds . Researchers believe wild birds from the region may have carried bird flu along migratory paths to Europe . Officials in Afghanistan say two NATO soldiers have been wounded in a bomb attack in the north of the country . The roadside blast hit a convoy of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force Thursday in Baghlan province , 160 kilometers north of Kabul . Local officials say two Dutch soldiers were wounded . Taleban fighters have been involved in clashes with U.S. and Afghan government troops in the south and east of the country . Officials say some anti-government militants operate in the north , but attacks there are rare . First settled by the French in the early 17th century , the islands represent the sole remaining vestige of France 's once vast North American possessions . Guernsey and the other Channel Islands represent the last remnants of the medieval Dukedom of Normandy , which held sway in both France and England . The islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II . Guernsey is a British crown dependency but is not part of the UK or of the European Union . However , the UK Government is constitutionally responsible for its defense and international representation . Polish police have arrested more than 200 people in Warsaw , after supporters of a Polish football team went on a rampage to celebrate their team 's championship . At least 30 policemen were injured , as fans of Legia Warsaw smashed up shops and outdoor cafes in the capital 's Old Town quarter that is popular with tourists . Drunken fans hurled stones at police , who responded with tear gas and water cannon . Football-related violence has been a growing problem in Poland , prompting concerns that Polish fans could cause trouble at next month 's World Cup in Germany . European Union defense ministers are meeting in Innsbruck , Austria Monday to try to bolster support for an EU military peacekeeping force in Democratic Republic of Congo . The strife-torn African nation is preparing for its first free elections since it gained independence from Belgium in 1961 . The United Nations has asked for a few hundred European troops to add to the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo . Several European countries support the idea . but have been reluctant to commit troops without specific guidelines for their use . Israel 's cabinet has approved the release of five Palestinian prisoners as the final step of a prisoner exchange with Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia . Israeli officials say none of the prisoners were involved in deadly attacks against Israel . The release of the Palestinians comes as part of an agreement last month in which Israel freed five Lebanese prisoners and returned the remains of nearly 200 Arab fighters in exchange for the bodies of two Israeli soldiers . The two soldiers were captured by Hezbollah in a raid that triggered the 2006 Lebanon war . Officials in Colombia say Marxist rebels killed the mayor of the small central town of Genova Wednesday . Police say Mayor Jose Castro was shot by members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) rebel group . The FARC rebels have declared Colombian mayors to be military targets and killed at least three in the past year . The rebel group has been waging war against the Colombian government for at least 40 years and funds itself largely through the drug trade and kidnapping . The Siboney were the first to inhabit the islands of Antigua and Barbuda in 2400 B.C., but Arawak Indians populated the islands when COLUMBUS landed on his second voyage in 1493 . Early settlements by the Spanish and French were succeeded by the English who formed a colony in 1667 . Slavery , established to run the sugar plantations on Antigua , was abolished in 1834 . The islands became an independent state within the British Commonwealth of Nations in 1981 . Pakistani warplanes have bombed suspected Taliban positions in the country 's northwest . Government officials say at least 19 militants were killed . The officials say the air strikes Sunday targeted insurgent hideouts in the Orakzai tribal region near the Afghan border . Independent confirmation of the casualties is impossible because media access to the region is restricted . Since March , Pakistani forces have been carrying out an anti-Taliban offensive in Orakzai to target militants believed to have fled an earlier offensive in South Waziristan . Nepal 's government and the non- profit World Wildlife fund are launching a new appeal to save the critically endangered one-horned rhino . Paul Sisco reports . Under US administration as part of the UN Trust Territory of the Pacific , the people of the Northern Mariana Islands decided in the 1970s not to seek independence but instead to forge closer links with the US . Negotiations for territorial status began in 1972 . A covenant to establish a commonwealth in political union with the US was approved in 1975 , and came into force on 24 March 1976 . A new government and constitution went into effect in 1978 . A press spokesman for the U.S. Trade Representative , Neena Moorjani , says delays are common in free trade talks . Moorjani would not comment on any link between the political storm over DP World and the delay in the talks . But a major business group says the controversy over the ports deal could hurt Washington 's ability to promote free trade around the world and foreign investment here at home . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce says foreigners invest $ 80 billion in the United States a year , creating five million jobs . This isolated island was named for John CLIPPERTON , a pirate who made it his hideout early in the 18th century . Annexed by France in 1855 , it was seized by Mexico in 1897 . Arbitration eventually awarded the island to France , which took possession in 1935 . 